hey all this is our own 8gb from Nokia
saga com here we have the nokia x6 and
we're gonna unbox it today so let's open
the case and we have the lovely looking
and nokia x6 will keep that aside this
is the 16 gig version and this is the OE
unlimited music oh I don't think I can
focus it will and we're gonna do it in a
different style so we are gonna call a
guest and this is my nephew come his
name is Nadia come on come on let's
unbox yeah sit on and now in box we have
boxing we have the charger oh yes it is
a charger and we have the headset that
is the white looking cool header and we
have the charger the gap car charger and
we have the micro USB cable that is the
mini micro USB cable and we have the
card holder and this is the extra
package that we have got with the car
holder and we have the batteries over
here and the manuals restore cds and the
loca car charger manuals and blah blah
blah and yeah we have the battery over
here so quickly will be yes and quickly
will be like say hi to all yeah yeah so
quickly we'll be putting the battery on
to the x6 and
we'll kick started and putting the
battery and not a sim card not inserted
til up and yo there we go in for huh
yeah yeah so now the main part we're
gonna switch the device on one two three
yeah and we have switched the device on
and yeah there we go nokia x6 16 gigs do
some stunts yeah yeah tell me oh and by
that time nokia has booted up this is
the 16 gig version and i will be setting
up the things and watch out for more
thanks for watching